This section is about planning and developing your mental tools.
Let's talk about how we made the decisions we did to
configure an API web service with GET/POST endpoints.
For this course and project,
we decided to build and deploy a local web service with Node.js.
I want to discuss the reasons behind why we chose to use Node.js and
elaborate on its components there will be
integral to the development process as we move forward.
In this section, we will introduce Node.js then
set it up and then quickly overview nodes components.
Then, we'll cover the client and server features and, lastly,
discuss the appropriate mock data
set remember a large part of this lesson is building the skills to know
how to analyze your blockchain use case and determine if it
requires a web service or not and if so, how to plan for it.
With that in mind, let's start with a quick introduction of Node.js.